OADP 3144 - Installing OADP on an AWS STS cluster manually (#71534)
openshift/openshift-docs: backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/aws-sts/oadp-aws-sts.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="oadp-aws-sts"]
= Backing up applications on AWS STS using OADP
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: oadp-aws-sts-backing-up-applications

toc::[]

> You install the OpenShift API for Data Protection (OADP) with Amazon Web Services (AWS) by installing the OADP Operator. The Operator installs link:https://{velero-domain}/docs/v{velero-version}/[Velero {velero-version}].

Reviewer: Use the attribute for "OpenShift API for Data Protection (OADP)". Looks like the attribute is: {oadp-first}

Use the attribute for "Amazon Web Services (AWS)". Looks like that attribute is: {aws-first}

Use the attribute for "OADP". Looks like that attribute is: {oadp-short}

See: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#_product_names_and_version_references 

Curious: should "OADP Operator" be its own attribute? Maybe something to consider.

include::snippets/oadp-mtc-operator.adoc[]

You configure {aws-short} for Velero, create a default `Secret`, and then install the Data Protection Application. For more details, see xref:../../..//backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/installing/oadp-installing-operator.adoc#oadp-installing-operator-doc[Installing the OADP Operator].

To install the OADP Operator in a restricted network environment, you must first disable the default OperatorHub sources and mirror the Operator catalog. See xref:../../../operators/admin/olm-restricted-networks.adoc#olm-restricted-networks[Using Operator Lifecycle Manager on restricted networks] for details.

> You can install OADP on an AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS) cluster manually. Amazon AWS provides AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS) as a web service that enables you to request temporary, limited-privilege credentials for users. You use STS to provide trusted users with temporary access to resources via API calls, your AWS console or the AWS command line interface (CLI).

Reviewer: Use the attribute for "Security Token Service". Looks like that attribute is: {sts-first}

See: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#_product_names_and_version_references

Before installing {oadp-first}, you must set up role and policy credentials for OADP so that it can use the {aws-full} API.

This process is performed in the following two stages:

. Prepare {aws-short} credentials
. Install the OADP Operator and give it an IAM role

include::modules/preparing-aws-sts-credentials-for-oadp.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/oadp-setting-resource-limits-and-requests.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/installing-oadp-aws-sts.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

* link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.15/html/operators/user-tasks#olm-installing-from-operatorhub-using-web-console_olm-installing-operators-in-namespace[Installing from OperatorHub using the web console].

> * link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.15/backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/backing_up_and_restoring/backing-up-applications.html[Backing up applications]

Reviewer 2: xref - please

Author: I think we tried using an xref when we published ROSA but it didn't work which is why we had to use a hard-link instead.

Reviewer 2: Look at the path.

The xref should be easy and will work

Author: @anarnold97 
Thank you for your help. Your suggestion works.

[id="oadp-aws-sts-backing-up-and-cleaning"]

> == Example: Backing up workload on OADP AWS STS, with an optional cleanup

Reviewer 3: Is "Example:" necessary here? I think we can do something like:

```suggestion
== Backing up workload on OADP AWS STS, with an optional cleanup

The following examples. . . 
```
